[9.0 & Serverless] Updating customized prebuilt rules (#904)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/detect-and-alert/prebuilt-rules-update-modified-unmodified.md

    ::::

    * Check the update status: View the status of the entire rule update and for [each field that's being changed](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/prebuilt-rules-update-modified-unmodified.md#rule-field-update-statuses). 

    * Address update conflicts: Find and address conflicts that [need additional attention](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/prebuilt-rules-update-modified-unmodified.md#resolve-reduce-rule-conflicts). 

    * Edit the final update: Change the update that will be applied to the field when you update the rule. To change the update, go to the **Final update** section, make your changes, and then save them.

    ::::{important}
    Elastic updates containing a rule type change cannot be edited. Before updating the rule, duplicate it if you need to record changes that you made to the rule fields.  
    ::::

    :::{image} /solutions/images/security-prebuilt-rules-update-diff-advanced.png
    :alt: Prebuilt rule comparison
    :screenshot:
    :::

4. From the **Rule Updates** tab, do one of the following to update prebuilt rules:

>     * Update all available rules: Click **Update all**. If any rules have conflicts, you will be prompted to take <<resolve-reduce-rule-conflicts,additional action>>.

Author: Ugh, I thought for sure that I caught all of these. Fixed - thanks!
```suggestion
    * Update all available rules: Click **Update all**. If any rules have conflicts, you will be prompted to take [additional attention](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/prebuilt-rules-update-modified-unmodified.md#resolve-reduce-rule-conflicts).
```

>     * Update all available rules: Click **Update all**. If any rules have conflicts, you will be prompted to take [additional attention](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/prebuilt-rules-update-modified-unmodified.md#resolve-reduce-rule-conflicts).

Author: ```suggestion
    * Update all available rules: Click **Update all**. If any rules have conflicts, you will be prompted to take [additional action](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/prebuilt-rules-update-modified-unmodified.md#resolve-reduce-rule-conflicts).
```
